you know I feel great I feel good trying
to get back with tremendous I was
watching from cheetahs have I got oh I'm
gonna go to the money team calm my ad
you know I love I love Mayweather loves
the world the earth is my turn
always remember that and when I go out
there and fight Saturday of course I'll
be I will be representing the red white
and blue first see right here the red
white move first but I love everybody
I'm all walks of life and all over the
world to do nothing I don't really worry
about age I feel good got a good I got a
get six-pack you know see a rock right
there I'm feeling good at 36 I'm ready
to go out there perform look well and be
victorious in the port a way Argentina
TV many Argentine people Indian record
Miguel Diaz in the corner Carlos Rena
switched our equation Carlos Baldomir
Troy you make an art of your boxing
stains that you put your own show a
disguise what can you say about my
weather style well first mayweather
wants to say I really love Argentina you
guys have a lot of great champions you
guys are coming up in your supporter
boxes making a lot of noise
one day I want to come over to Argentina
hopefully a fight someday you know after
this right i got four or five see left
so we don't know what the future holds
but me the main water style I'm missing
cadet oh do things like me but because
of course you know he used to used to be
he had to be a fan of mine because of
course I've been gambling for 17 years
in the sport and he's only 23 Floyd you
have in your name you're having your
main the idea that a fighter
never can loss this is the best message
that you can left to the young fighters
that one day to want to be as my brother
no I want I want a young champions to
know when it is not always getting your
head race winning is going out there
giving whatever you do 100% and as long
as you know you gave whatever you did
100% you are considered a winner in my
book because everybody can't be a Floyd
Mayweather and be 44 no everyone cannot
do that so I take my hat off and come in
every fighter that gets in there if you
know even if a fighter is ten in ten I
take my head off to you to the fighters
to say you know you know keep your head
up keep going strong and keep giving it
a hundred percent
Oh Cynthia